So at this point, all of the state portion of our application is finished.
We can add new to-dos.
We can remove to-dos,
toggle to-dos, add goals, remove goals.
So, all of that is looking great.
But what I want to do now is I just want to make
a few smaller more opinionated changes to how we're doing things,
that I think will improve the quality of our code.
One thing you may have noticed that we're doing is whenever we have an action-type here,
say this add to-do action-type for example,
we're using the string add to-do.
We're doing this all over,
whenever we dispatch it and also inside of our reducer function.
Now, strings are fine and they work great in this case.
But I think, it would be a little bit better instead of having a string here,
what if we made that a variable.
Because right now strings are prone to typos.
If we came down here and then we said,
add too, for example.
It's a very common error that you might make.
Now all the sudden, this isn't going to work
because of that one small change right there.
And this is going to be a hard bug to find because you're probably not going to get
any errors for this because it's just going to dispatch with the type of add too.
But nowhere inside of our reducers do we have a case for add too.
So, what's going to happen is even though this will be dispatched,
because we aren't listening for the add too action-type up here inside of our reducers,
nothing is actually going to happen.
So, what we want to do is let's come up here at the top of our app code.
And we're going to convert all of these different strings to variables.
Instead of referencing strings everywhere,
we can just reference the single variable.
So, what we'll do is let's make an add todo variable,
which is just going to equal the string add todo.
And then now, anywhere inside of our application where we are using add todo,
instead of using add todo the string,
we can use add todo the variable.
And we can do this for every single action type inside of our application.
So, we're going to have remove todo here as well.
So, let's go and grab anywhere that we are calling remove todo,
which I think is just in those two places.
We also want to have toggle todo.
At this point, you probably get the idea.
Let's go and adjust all toggle todo now to be the new variable.
And now we want to also do them for our goals reducer.
So, I believe we have an add goal action-type, we do.
Then now, add goal needs to be converted to the variable, add goal.
And the very last one,
we're going to have remove goal,
which we then need to convert to select all of the remove goals.
All right, now what we've done is we've
removed all of the different strings that we have.
We made those variables.
So now, anywhere inside of our application,
if we want to compare,
if we want to add new action-type called toggle todo,
all we have to do is reference the constant,
reference the variable up here,
rather than typing out the string every single time.
And I get. It's just a small change but eventually all of
these small changes that we make are going to add
up to making our application a little bit better.